Make business cards - pixel profile image?
Update github deliquescent files - math part
update github + codepen profiles

bc
car registration payment
hannahjlazarus email?

asynchronous flow, callbacks, promises, observables, ticks, timeouts
What is Node.js?
non-blocking
push capability
Organizing code with modules and imports
- Embracing an event loop in a single thread
- Running code in callbacks
- Upgrading to promises
Intro to server-side development: the basics of ExpressJS
Topics of the class: Node.js, NPM, ExpressJS, “package.json” files,
dependencies, modules, the “require” function, imports, exports, code organization,
server-side development, full-stack development, NPM scripts.
debugger, Chrome Dev Tools, this, shadowing, scope, test runners, expectations

?git guide post
?datascience @ hack for la
--

Hi my name is Hannah Lazarus
I've been learning javascript for about half a year
The thing I really love about javascript is its meant for the web, which means its meant for sharing.

Last Oct? I found this beautiful codepen pen by Tiffany Rayside.
She named Deliquescent.

She's made all these inventive pens
But I saw this one first, and when I saw this one I was like
I wanna know how she did that

This is your part.

What's happening here?
--
Point is pulled by mouse
Each point is pulled on by its neighbors, the net difference is used to calculate
--
Tiffany's file shows experimentation
In mine all the variables have been renamed,
code is reorganized, equations are rearraged, some unused stuff was cut out
except for color and lines its the exact same thing
Github history shows transformation

Endnotes:

hanhanhan on github and codepen.
I'm turning this talk into a codepen post.
I have to leave at 8:10 :(

Contact me!
If anyone is starting learning and wants to ask me questions, I'm leaving cards with Liz.
If anyone is done learning and/or is willing to answer my questions, please take a card.
I'm also job curious.

--------------

Net pull - 4 neighbors - move neighbor points to recalculate pull
Result position = recursive series summation
Constants - vary values
